E-Commerce JSON dataset explanation (considering Amazon site as an example):

This JSON dataset consists data of different fields. The fields included are:

1) User Details: ("users")
	This field consists of user's login credentials, address, whether they are prime user or not,
	if they have any pay-balance left in their account and their purchase history.

2) Categories: ("categories")
	This field consists of an array of list of categories available in the e-commerce site. i.e. Mobile,
	electronics, fashion, kitchen, grocercy etc.

3) Sub-category of a specific category: ("electronicsSubCategory")
	Here, I'm providing an example by choosing the category "Electronics". The "Electronics" consists of sub-category.
	The electronics sub-category includes different kinds	electronics available in that category. i.e. television,
	headphones, speakers, cameras, media players etc.

4) Brands for that choosen product in sub-category: ("televisionBrands")
	Here, I've choosen the "television" field. Hence, I've created an array which consists of different brands
	available for TV. 
	
5) The item conditions: ("itemCondition")
	This field consists of an array to provide the condition of the	product. i.e. whether its new, verified
	refurbished and used.

6) Specifications and details of that particular choosen product: ("productDetails")
	In this field I'll try to provide dataset for a new product as well as for an exchanged product. The first
	dataset provides the specifications of the TV, its price, ratings, customer reviews, emi availability. The
	second dataset provides the similar specifications fields but includes the specifications of the exchange
	product too.

7) Different merchants available in the e-commerce site: ("merchants")
	This field shows an array of different merchants available for this e-commerce site.
	
8) Merchant details: ("merchantDetails")
	This field provides the details of the merchants available in the site. The details include their name, license 
	number, when they have joined amazon, rating and what kindof products they sell.
